---
layout: guide
title: Attachment Type
cat: guide
sidebar: reference_mapping
---
附件类型

p. The @attachment@ type allows to index different "attachment" type field (encoded as @base64@), for example, microsoft office formats, ODF, ePub, HTML, and so on (full list can be found "here":http://lucene.apache.org/tika/0.9/formats.html).

note："attachment" 编码为 @base64@ ,

p. The @attachment@ type is provided as a plugin extension. The plugin is a simple zip file that can be downloaded and placed under @$ES_HOME/plugins@ location. It will be automatically detected and the @attachment@ type will be added.
click：  https://github.com/goog/doc.elasticsearch.cn/blob/master/tutorials/_posts/2011-07-18-attachment-type-in-action.textile

p. Note, the @attachment@ type is experimental(试验性的).

p. Using the attachment type is simple, in your mapping JSON, simply set a certain JSON element as attachment, for example:

p. 使用attachment type 很简单, 在mapping JSON里面简单的设置一个JSON元素为attachment类型, 例如:

<pre class="prettyprint lang-js">
{
    "person" : {
        "properties" : {
            "my_attachment" : { "type" : "attachment" }
        }
    }
}
</pre>

p. In this case, the JSON to index can be:

<pre class="prettyprint lang-js">
{
    "my_attachment" : "... base64 encoded attachment ..."
}
</pre>

p. Or it is possible to use more elaborated JSON if content type or resource name need to be set explicitly:

p. 如果内容类型或资源名称需要设置清楚，可能需要很复杂的 JSON 
<pre class="prettyprint lang-js">
{
    "my_attachment" : {
        "_content_type" : "application/pdf",
        "_name" : "resource/name/of/my.pdf",
        "content" : "... base64 encoded attachment ..."
    }
}
</pre>

p. The @attachment@ type not only indexes the content of the doc, but also automatically adds meta data on the attachment as well (when available). The metadata supported are: @date@, @title@, @author@, and @keywords@. They can be queried using the "dot notation", for example: @my_attachment.author@.

The @attachment@ type 会自动添加元数据，支持的元数据有: @date@, @title@, @author@, and @keywords@. 可能还不够用...

p. Both the meta data and the actual content are simple core type mappers (string, date, ...), thus, they can be controlled in the mappings. For example:


p. meta data 和 实际的内容基本都是type mappers (string, date, ...), 因此可以在 mappings里面设置. 例如:

<pre class="prettyprint lang-js">
{
    "person" : {
        "properties" : {
            "file" : { 
                "type" : "attachment",
                "fields" : {
                    "file" : {"index" : "no"},
                    "date" : {"store" : "yes"},
                    "author" : {"analyzer" : "myAnalyzer"}
                }
            }
        }
    }
}
</pre>
"person"  为mapping type ,  "file" 为document的Key, 所以文件被 @attachment@ type 解析
p. In the above example, the actual content indexed is mapped under @fields@ name @file@, and we decide not to index it, so it will only be available in the @_all@ field. The other fields map to their respective metadata names, but there is no need to specify the @type@ (like @string@ or @date@) since it is already known. 

p.  @date@ 域会map 为string类型


p. The plugin uses "Apache Tika":http://lucene.apache.org/tika/ to parse attachments, so many formats are supported, listed "here":http://lucene.apache.org/tika/0.8/formats.html.
